Add website links and info about surveys to documentation (#96)
ihmeuw/pseudopeople: docs/source/datasets/index.rst

US Decennial Census
-------------------

> The Decennial Census dataset is a simulated enumeration of the US Census Bureau's Decennial Census Survey. The years

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Decennial Census dataset is a simulated enumeration of the US Census Bureau's Decennial Census of Population and Housing. The years
```

> that have been simulated are 2020, 2030, and 2040. To find out more about the survey, please visit the Decennial Census

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that have been simulated are 2020, 2030, and 2040. To find out more about the Decennial Census, please visit the Decennial Census
```

`homepage <https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial-census.html>`_.   

The following simulant attributes are included in this dataset:

.. list-table:: **Simulant attributes**
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Attribute Name
     - Column Name
     - Notes    
   * - Unique simulant ID
     - :code:`simulant_id`

>      - Not affected by noise functions; intended use is 'ground truth' for PRL tracking. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Not affected by noise functions; intended use is 'ground truth' for testing and validation. 
```

   * - First name
     - :code:`first_name`
     - 
   * - Middle initial
     - :code:`middle_initial`
     - 
   * - Last name
     - :code:`last_name`
     - 
   * - Age
     - :code:`age` 
     - Rounded down to an integer. 
   * - Date of birth
     - :code:`date_of_birth`

>      - Formatted as MM/DD/YYYY.

Reviewer 2: please check what format is actually produced --- I see "1993-08-05 00:00:00" in a run I did recently.

   * - Physical address street number
     - :code:`street_number`
     - 
   * - Physical address street name
     - :code:`street_name`
     - 
   * - Physical address unit
     - :code:`unit_number`
     - 
   * - Physical address city
     - :code:`city` 
     -    
   * - Physical address state
     - :code:`state`  
     - 
   * - Physical address ZIP code
     - :code:`zipcode`
     - 

>    * - Relationship to person 1 (head of household)

Reviewer 2: Can we make this "reference person" everywhere, and reduce the cognitive load of remembering the synonyms?

Community Survey (ACS) and the Current Population Survey (CPS). 

ACS is an ongoing household survey conducted by the US Census Bureau that gathers information on a rolling basis about
American community populations. Information collected includes ancestry, citizenship, education, income, language proficienccy, migration, 
employment, disability, and housing characteristics. To find out more about ACS, please visit the `ACS homepage <https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/about.html>`_.

CPS is another household survey conducted by the US Census Bureau and the US Bureau of Labor Statistics. This survey is administered by Census 
Bureau field representatives across the country through both personal and telephone interviews. CPS collects labor force data, such as annual
work activity and income, veteran status, school enrollment, contingent employment, worker displacement, job tenure, and more. To find out more
about CPS, please visit the `CPS homepage <https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/cps.html>`_. 

.. list-table:: **Simulant attributes**
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Attribute Name
     - Column Name
     - Notes
   * - Unique simulant ID
     - simulant_id

>      - Not affected by noise functions; intended use is 'ground truth' for PRL tracking. 

Reviewer 2: see edits to "PRL tracking" above. I like removing acronyms when possible.

   * - Household ID 
     - :code:`household_id` 

>      - Not affected by noise functions; intended use is 'ground truth' for PRL tracking.

Reviewer 2: see edits to "PRL tracking" above. I like removing acronyms when possible.

   * - First name
     - :code:`first_name`
     - 
   * - Middle initial
     - :code:`middle_initial`
     - 
   * - Last name
     - :code:`last_name`
     - 
   * - Age
     - :code:`age`  
     - Rounded down to an integer.
   * - Date of birth
     - :code:`date_of_birth`

>      - Formatted as MM/DD/YYYY.

Reviewer 2: we better have a review of all date formats when the code freeze happens on Monday.

   * - Physical address street number
     - :code:`street_number`
     - 
   * - Physical address street name
     - :code:`street_name`
     - 
   * - Physical address unit
     - :code:`unit_number`
     - 
   * - Physical address city
     - :code:`city`    
     - 
   * - Physical address state
     - :code:`state`  
     - 
   * - Physical address ZIP code
     - :code:`zipcode`
     - 

>    * - Relationship to person 1

Reviewer 2: person 1 => reference person, as above.
